so I'm Frank O'Connor a franchise
Development Director for 343 industries
working on halo halo 4 we're here today
showing off halo 4 for the first time is
the first time people have seen the
engine we're showing off a very narrow
slice of multiplayer so we're showing
just two levels War House and wraparound
war houses sat on an orbiting facility
above a gas giant and wraparound is a
forerunner of facility used to generate
solar power and an artificial Sun in
fact for a shield world how they're
connected the fiction is complicated and
we haven't really talked about that yet
but they're both small arena type Maps
is suitable for team slayer games in
smaller moans like that we will of
course have big maps with vehicles and
all that stuff but it's just cool to
finally get the the engine out there and
let people take a really brief glimpse
at it and of course we have lots and
lots more to show later this year and
and all year hopefully so it's been a
it's been crazy I mean I we started
working on Halo for about three years
ago we're in solid crunch mode as we
move towards holiday 2012 but it's been
great assembling a team from scratch
because the cool thing is that everyone
who joined the team from all over the
world people from you know we have
people from Metal Gear Metroid you name
it they're the people from almost every
big studio in the world working on this
game and they all came because of a
joint and shared passion for Halo in the
Halo universe and the halo gameplay and
yet they're all bringing their own
interpretation their own ideas and their
own passion to
my name is Frank O'Connor I'm franchise
development director at 343 industries I
am looking forward to a halo 4 king of
this holiday and I hope what gets coming
to the the hill of for launch in Mexico
I know national upon us that she was
going to look after me and you're
watching inside Xbox